even the old were not spared without a
warning Israeli soldiers raided this
man's home in Gaza what happened next
change his life
forever I'm 62 years old they said you
must leave the house now I told them I
am old where shall I go they stormed my
house and asked me to tell them where
the Israeli captives are I told them I
swear to God I know nothing about the
captives they didn't believe me and they
shot me after surviving being shot at
close range he thought his odal was over
but he was
wrong they took me with them they then
amputated my leg and forced me to sign a
paper they then threw me in Karam Abu
Salam Crossing and some people brought
me
here several Palestinians have died in
Israeli prison since the start of the
war Israel has detained more than 4,000
including 255 Children and Youth since
October
7th many are held in what Israel calls
administrative detention without charge
or
trial they beat me badly they hit me in
a very brutal way I can't even talk I
really can't talk they beat me badly I
can't talk about it
[Music]
anymore they may have got their Freedom
back but they now risk being killed as
Israel intensifies its attacks and raids
across
Palestine Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer